# Code of Conduct

We value the participation of each stakeholder and want all participants to have
an enjoyable and fulfilling experience. Accordingly, all participants are
expected to show respect and courtesy to other participants throughout the
events and through all communication channels, including but not limited to
Microsoft Teams (including text chat) and email.

To make clear what is expected, all participants, speakers, exhibitors,
organisers and volunteers involved in the workshop are required to conform to
the following Code of Conduct. Organisers will enforce this code.

## Summary

The workshop organisers are dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience
for everyone. We do not tolerate harassment of participants in any form. All
communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including people
of many different backgrounds.

Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down other attendees.

Behave professionally. Remember that harassment and exclusionary jokes are not
appropriate. Do not send any unprofessional messages to other participants,
including but not limited to private messages in Slack, Zoom and Discord.

Participants violating these rules may be asked to leave the event at the sole
discretion of the workshop organisers.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly event for all.

## Clarifications

Harassment includes offensive communication related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual
images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing
photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events,
inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply
immediately.

Be careful in the words that you choose. Remember that words can be offensive to
those around you. Offensive jokes are not acceptable at the workshop. Excessive
swearing is not appropriate.

If a participant engages in behaviour that violates this code of conduct, the
workshop organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning
the offender or expulsion from the event and it may affect the offenders'
ability to join future events.

## Contact Information

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have
any other concerns, please contact Chris Cave-Ayland
(c.cave-ayland@imperial.ac.uk).
